How is he?
He's been like this lately.
Are you still used to living here?
Waiting for you to speak, can't you hear me?
Hahahaha
What are you doing here?
I came to see you
No.
Hahahaha, that's bold.
Let our country die
Make these leftovers
This is going out.
Wouldn't it be thrown into the face of my national warriors?
This is not what you arranged
Hahahaha
10 yuan, you know what I hate the most is
The most annoying thing is that you know everything
Pretend to be amazing
Cheng Shuyue, if you are here to mock me today
Then you can go out now.
The queen will clear my name
Hahahaha
Master, you still have hope in the queen
To tell you the truth
My ancient wing shoots and framed you for collaborating with the enemy and treason
Just to keep you here
Don't try to stop me like this in the future
What do you want?
I want nostrils